hey guys this is Zoe and today I welcome
you to another episode of matchmaking
this time it's going to be with black
and ice ice ice from VG gaming
I'd say I'm really good at terribly and
magus ayran I guess I would go with Naga
siren goes yeah techies haha quiet
extremely special I am very I like eyes
Sydnor well I guess that's like the
first thing that comes to my mind
Cinderella was tall and pretty thin
right so it's probably sitting around
yeah
pretty girl pretty good you're getting
right on ah invoker see that easy
definitely timbersaw dude I saw that
picture it's definitely timber sir what
is it no way simbook her you can't do it
we'll do it
I like do it
cocktail a Bloody Mary do I don't
actually drink but I'm probably the
the the clarity potion from ti3 what the
hell I'm a pretty nice guy so yeah I
guess that's annoying
okay we have to shout now okay it's a
shell okay what's my most annoying habit
the most annoying habit yeah ah you
don't have any of my opinion so I see
don't know you hate ice you don't think
you have another nice guy right yeah
yeah okay you're too nice you're too
nice
quiet
yeah just no way you're quiet I'm quiet
you're screaming the loudest holy
concave comedy quiet you have to find
the timbersaw picture and actually
compare em it's like so I'm ready Mary
yeah yeah Bloody Mary yeah yeah okay
you